after I died, I began to surrender the parts of myself that were no longer necessary
my desires, beliefs, ambitions, doubts, every trace of my humanity was discarded.
I discovered when moving through eternity,it helps to travel lightly
In fact ,I held on to only one thing , my memory
It's astonishing to look back on the world I left behind. I remember it all, every single detail.
like my friend Bree Van de Kamp
I remember the easy confidence of her smile, the gentle elegance of her hands, the refined warmth of her voice.
but  what I remember most about bree was the look of fear in her eyes
bree had started to realize her world was unraveling, and for a woman who despised loose ends , that was unacceptable

Rex you need to get up
it's not even light out

Please hurry  if the kids see you sleeping down here , they're gonna start asking questions

let them ask, I don't care anymore

well I care , they don’t need to burdened with our marital problems and while we're working things out, the least we can do is trying to keep up appearances

Oh yeah  appearances , I keep forgetting about appearances
Oh, Rex, you look so tired.
I didn't sleep
this damn thing is so uncomfortable
well why don't you move back upstairs and sleep in our bed.
we're in marriage counseling , I think that would confuse things.
it's just I  miss you
I know you do
of course if I don't start getting some sleep pretty soon , I'll be forced to move back upstairs out of sheer exhaustion.
yes bree was afraid of many things , but if there was one thing she wasn't afraid of, it was challenge

The day on Wisteria Lane began like any other
with a cup of coffee and the morning paper

and while Lynette read the business section
and Gabrielle studied the fall collection
and Bree searched for decorating ideas
susan scanned the front page and saw something that caught her eye

what's about time
be nice, I come bearing snacks

these cards are sticky, I know preston used the three of diamonds to scoop jam out of jar

we're just thankful we have 49 cards to play with

I was just telling girls , I wanna throw a dinner party

really, yes.
How long have we all lived on this street.
we've never done a big group thing

I think it's a good idea

paul never likes to have people over , but to heck with him , I'm doing it.


so when is this shindig.

how about a month from tonight

that would be the 16th,  good for everyone， works for me
shall we all make something , no no no , this is my party,
I've been wanting to have everyone over for years, I'm so happy , we're finally doing this,it's gonna be so much fun


I know her dinner.
how could we've all forgotten about this

I didn't exactly forget it's just usually when the hostess dies the party's off











